Script Runner for Termux

A secure Android bridge for managing and executing scripts via Termux. This app allows you to automate tasks, manage environment variables, and create home screen shortcuts for your favorite scripts with a focus on security and ease of use. Features

Integrated Script Editor: Write and modify scripts directly within the app.

Flexible Execution: Support for background execution or interactive Termux sessions.

Highly Configurable:

    Support for any file extension.

    Custom prefix commands and arguments.

    Environment variable management.

    Up to 5 tiles for ease of access, as well as a master tile.

    Addition of runtime parameters, either with text, or you own presets

Customization: Personalize your script shortcuts with custom icons.

Data Portability: Full support for importing and exporting your script library(now with sripts themself
and not just my json DTOs parsing)

Experimental !!! Support for script monitoring for auto-restarting them if they were killed by system.
They are not restarted if they finished themself.

Security First

I know that scripts often handle sensitive information—whether it's API keys in environment variables or private logic.

Encrypted Storage: All script data and configurations are stored in an encrypted database using SQLCipher.

Setup & Onboarding

Small onboarding is present for easier setup.

Note on Permissions: During setup, you will be asked to grant the com.termux.permission.RUN_COMMAND permission.
While the system warning may look intimidating, this is the standard and necessary way for third-party apps to securely send commands to Termux.

Compatibility

Minimum SDK: 24 (Android 7.0)

Target SDK: 36 (Android 16)

Xiaomi / MIUI / HyperOS: Specific fixes are included to handle the unique way these systems manage shortcut permissions.

Other OEMs: If shortcuts do not appear, please manually check your "Background Start" or "Shortcut" permissions in your system settings, NOTE that some flavour might reject the permission later and not send exception to the app, sadly can't do much here.

Current Status

This project is currently in early development.

Testing: Tested various extensions, and all works as expected

Documentation: Detailed code description is currently under construction.

Translation: En and Ru are made by me, everything else is AI. You can always switch in settings or during onboarding
Stability: While functional, you may encounter edge cases. I recommend keeping backups of vital scripts using the built-in export feature.
Also, BasicTextField starts lagging while typing at around 177K characters on Snapdragon 7s gen2, Snapdragon 8 gen3 does not have the same expirence. I have tested and linenumbergutter has no effect on perfomance, so it might be the internal implementation. I don't want to move to other ways of displaying stuff, because I will loose stylo support on my tablet

Contributing

Contributions, bug reports, and feature requests are welcome! Since the app is in its early stages, feedback on how it handles different script types or OS flavors is especially valuable. This project is currently in early development.
